samples: wifi: add Wi-Fi provisioning sample (#8862)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/provisioning/implementation_details.rst

.. _wifi_provisioning_details:

Implementation
##############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This page explains the implementation of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample.

Task and event handling
=======================

The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample uses `Protocol Buffers`_ to define platform-independent message formats.
These definitions are available as `.proto` files in the sample code.

> The sample uses `nanopb`_ to convert encoded platform-independent message to C language data type, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample also uses `nanopb`_ to convert encoded platform-independent messages to and from C.
```

> By exchanging messages with configurator (the peer that sends the message, for example, your smartphone that runs nRF Wi-Fi Provisioner app), the device will perform corresponding actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device performs actions according to messages it exchanges with a configurator (the peer that sends the message, such as a smartphone running the nRF Wi-Fi Provisioner app).
```

.. _wifi_provisioning_message_types:

Message types
-------------

The sample uses four message types:

> * Info: Allows the configurator to know the capability of a device before the provisioning process happens.
>    The configurator reads this message before sending any other messages.
>    The info message contains a ``version`` field.
> 
> * Request: Contains a command and configuration.
>    The device takes action based on the command and applies the configuration if one is given.
> 
>    The following table details the five commands that the sample uses.
> 
>    =================== ================================================ =============================
>    Command             Description                                      Notes
>    =================== ================================================ =============================
>    GET_STATUS          Get the status of the device, such as
>                        provisioning state, Wi-Fi connection state,
>                        and more
>    START_SCAN          Trigger an access point (AP) scan                ``scan_params`` is optional
>    STOP_SCAN           Stop AP scan
>    SET_CONFIG          Store Wi-Fi configuration and connect to an AP   ``config`` is required
>    FORGET_CONFIG       Erase the configuration and disconnect
>    =================== ================================================ =============================
> 
> * Response: Contains the command to which it is responding, the operation result, and any other data.
>    The device sends any additional data associated with this command to the configurator in a ``Result`` message.
> 
>    The ``Response`` message contains one of following response codes:
> 
>    * ``SUCCESS``
>    * ``INVALID_ARGUMENT``
>    * ``INVALID_PROTO``: the message cannot be encoded or decoded.
>    * ``INTERNAL_ERROR``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Info: Allows the configurator to know the capability of a device before the provisioning process happens.
   
  The configurator reads this message before sending any other messages.
  The info message contains a ``version`` field.

* Request: Contains a command and configuration.

  The device takes action based on the command and applies the configuration if one is given.

  The following table details the five commands that the sample uses.

   =================== ================================================ =============================
   Command             Description                                      Notes
   =================== ================================================ =============================
   GET_STATUS          Get the status of the device, such as
                       provisioning state, Wi-Fi connection state,
                       and more
   START_SCAN          Trigger an access point (AP) scan                ``scan_params`` is optional
   STOP_SCAN           Stop AP scan
   SET_CONFIG          Store Wi-Fi configuration and connect to an AP   ``config`` is required
   FORGET_CONFIG       Erase the configuration and disconnect
   =================== ================================================ =============================

* Response: Contains the command to which it is responding, the operation result, and any other data.

  The device sends any additional data associated with this command to the configurator in a ``Result`` message.

  The ``Response`` message contains one of following response codes:

   * ``SUCCESS``
   * ``INVALID_ARGUMENT``
   * ``INVALID_PROTO``: the message cannot be encoded or decoded.
   * ``INTERNAL_ERROR``
```

Reviewer: This change should fix the problem of some list items being bolded.

   If the command is ``GET_STATUS``, the response includes some or all of the following fields:

      * ``state``: describes the Wi-Fi connection state according to values defined in ``common.proto``.
      * ``provisioning_info``: includes Wi-Fi provisioning information stored in the device's non-volative memory (NVM).
      * ``connection_info``: includes Wi-Fi connection details.
      * ``scan_info``: includes the parameters used for the AP scan.

* Result: Carries asynchronous data about the operation status.

   * If the command is ``START_SCAN``, the result message sent to the configurator contains information about the AP.
     Each ``Result`` contains information related to one AP.
   * If the command is ``SET_CONFIG``, when the Wi-Fi status changes (for example, from disconnected to associated), the configurator receives a result message with the new status.
     Meanwhile, the Wi-Fi credentials are stored in the device's non-volatile memory.

> You may find the details of definition in .proto files under path of ``./common/proto``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See all definitions in ``./common/proto``.
```

+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

The purpose of each characteristic is as follows:

  * ``Information``: for client to get info message from server.
  * ``Operation Control Point``: for client to send request message to server, and server to send response message to client.
  * ``Data Out``: for server to send result message to the client.

Advertisement
-------------

After powerup, the device checks if it is provisioned. If it is, it loads saved credentials and tries to connect to the specified access point.
After 30 seconds, the device advertises over Bluetooth LE. The operation times out if the attempt fails.
If the device is not provisioned, it advertises immediately.

The advertising data contains several fields to facilitate provisioning.
It contains the UUID of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service and four bytes of service data, as described in the following table.

+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|  Byte 1  |  Byte 2  |  Byte 3  |  Byte 4  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| Version  | Flag(LSB)| Flag(MSB)|   RSSI   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+

> * Version: 8-bit unsigned integer. The value is the version of Wi-Fi provisioning service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Version: 8-bit unsigned integer. The value is the version of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample.
```

I assume we're referring to the sample here?

.. _wifi_provisioning_details:

Implementation
##############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This page explains the implementation of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample.

Task and event handling
=======================

The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample uses `Protocol Buffers`_ to define platform-independent message formats.

> These definitions are available as `.proto` files in the sample code.

Reviewer 2: We deliberately left out the generation of .c/.h files from the .proto files for phase-2 customer sampling as any change to the .proto files have to be consistent with both firmware changes and the App changes. We have planned this and many other features suggested here and elsewhere for the next revision of the development. I have added these requests/suggestions here (https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/SHEL/Provisioning+-+Phase-2). 
We missed the dev2 date (13th Oct) for this release and plan to do another dev tag by end of this month. I suggest we add something in the lines of "generation of .c/.h files is presently not supported and will be supported in the next release" and make the first release?

The sample also uses `nanopb`_ to convert encoded platform-independent messages to and from C.
The device performs actions according to messages it exchanges with a configurator (the peer that sends the message, such as a smartphone running the nRF Wi-Fi Provisioner app).

.. _wifi_provisioning_message_types:

Message types
-------------

The sample uses four message types:

* Info: Allows the configurator to know the capability of a device before the provisioning process happens.

  The configurator reads this message before sending any other messages.
  The info message contains a ``version`` field.

* Request: Contains a command and configuration.

  The device takes action based on the command and applies the configuration if one is given.

>   The following table details the five commands that the sample uses.
>    =================== ================================================ =============================
>    Command             Description                                      Notes
>    =================== ================================================ =============================
>    GET_STATUS          Get the status of the device, such as
>                        provisioning state, Wi-Fi connection state,
>                        and more
>    START_SCAN          Trigger an access point (AP) scan                ``scan_params`` is optional
>    STOP_SCAN           Stop AP scan
>    SET_CONFIG          Store Wi-Fi configuration and connect to an AP   ``config`` is required
>    FORGET_CONFIG       Erase the configuration and disconnect
>    =================== ================================================ =============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The following table details the five commands that the sample uses.
  
   =================== ================================================ =============================
  Command             Description                                      Notes
  =================== ================================================ =============================
  GET_STATUS          Get the status of the device, such as
                      provisioning state, Wi-Fi connection state,
                      and more
  START_SCAN          Trigger an access point (AP) scan                ``scan_params`` is optional
  STOP_SCAN           Stop AP scan
  SET_CONFIG          Store Wi-Fi configuration and connect to an AP   ``config`` is required
  FORGET_CONFIG       Erase the configuration and disconnect
  =================== ================================================ =============================
```

* Response: Contains the command to which it is responding, the operation result, and any other data.

  The device sends any additional data associated with this command to the configurator in a ``Result`` message.

  The ``Response`` message contains one of following response codes:

>    * ``SUCCESS``
>    * ``INVALID_ARGUMENT``
>    * ``INVALID_PROTO``: the message cannot be encoded or decoded.
>    * ``INTERNAL_ERROR``
> 
>    If the command is ``GET_STATUS``, the response includes some or all of the following fields:
> 
>       * ``state``: describes the Wi-Fi connection state according to values defined in ``common.proto``.
>       * ``provisioning_info``: includes Wi-Fi provisioning information stored in the device's non-volative memory (NVM).
>       * ``connection_info``: includes Wi-Fi connection details.
>       * ``scan_info``: includes the parameters used for the AP scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``SUCCESS``
  * ``INVALID_ARGUMENT``
  * ``INVALID_PROTO``: the message cannot be encoded or decoded.
  * ``INTERNAL_ERROR``

  If the command is ``GET_STATUS``, the response includes some or all of the following fields:

  * ``state``: describes the Wi-Fi connection state according to values defined in ``common.proto``.
  * ``provisioning_info``: includes Wi-Fi provisioning information stored in the device's non-volative memory (NVM).
  * ``connection_info``: includes Wi-Fi connection details.
  * ``scan_info``: includes the parameters used for the AP scan.
```

Fixing the number of spaces so the text renders properly.

* Result: Carries asynchronous data about the operation status.

>    * If the command is ``START_SCAN``, the result message sent to the configurator contains information about the AP.
>      Each ``Result`` contains information related to one AP.
>    * If the command is ``SET_CONFIG``, when the Wi-Fi status changes (for example, from disconnected to associated), the configurator receives a result message with the new status.
>      Meanwhile, the Wi-Fi credentials are stored in the device's non-volatile memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the command is ``START_SCAN``, the result message sent to the configurator contains information about the AP.
    Each ``Result`` contains information related to one AP.
  * If the command is ``SET_CONFIG``, when the Wi-Fi status changes (for example, from disconnected to associated), the configurator receives a result message with the new status.
    Meanwhile, the Wi-Fi credentials are stored in the device's non-volatile memory.
```

See all definitions in ``./common/proto``.

Operations
----------

The message sequence is the same for all operations, with variations depending on the command:

>    1. The configurator sends an encoded ``Request`` message with a command to the device.
>    #. The device carries out the command.
>    #. The device sends a ``Response`` message to the configurator.
>    #. For some operations, the device also sends a ``Result`` message to the configurator with any additional data generated or reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The configurator sends an encoded ``Request`` message with a command to the device.
#. The device carries out the command.
#. The device sends a ``Response`` message to the configurator.
#. For some operations, the device also sends a ``Result`` message to the configurator with any additional data generated or reported.
```

| Point           |             |             |             |             |
| - Client        |             |             |             |             |
| Characteristic  |             |             |             |             |
| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | Mandatory   | Notify      |             | Encryption  |
|                 |             |             |             | Required    |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | Mandatory   | Read, Write |             | Encryption  |
| - Client        |             |             |             | Required    |
| Characteristic  |             |             |             |             |
| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

The purpose of each characteristic is as follows:

>   * ``Information``: for client to get info message from server.
>   * ``Operation Control Point``: for client to send request message to server, and server to send response message to client.
>   * ``Data Out``: for server to send result message to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Information``: for client to get info message from server.
* ``Operation Control Point``: for client to send request message to server, and server to send response message to client.
* ``Data Out``: for server to send result message to the client.
```

Advertisement
-------------

After powerup, the device checks if it is provisioned. If it is, it loads saved credentials and tries to connect to the specified access point.
After 30 seconds, the device advertises over Bluetooth LE. The operation times out if the attempt fails.
If the device is not provisioned, it advertises immediately.

The advertising data contains several fields to facilitate provisioning.
It contains the UUID of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service and four bytes of service data, as described in the following table.

+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|  Byte 1  |  Byte 2  |  Byte 3  |  Byte 4  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| Version  | Flag(LSB)| Flag(MSB)|   RSSI   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+

* Version: 8-bit unsigned integer. The value is the version of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample.

* Flag: 16-bit little endian field. Byte 2 (first byte on air) is LSB, and Byte 3 (second byte on air) is MSB.

>   - Bit 0: provisioning status. 1 if device is provisioned, 0 otherwise.
> 
>   - Bit 1: connection status. 1 if Wi-Fi is connected, 0 otherwise.
> 
>   - Bit 2 - 15: RFU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Bit 0: provisioning status. 1 if device is provisioned, 0 otherwise.

  * Bit 1: connection status. 1 if Wi-Fi is connected, 0 otherwise.

  * Bit 2 - 15: RFU
```

.. _wifi_provisioning_details:

Implementation
##############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This page explains the implementation of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample.

Task and event handling
=======================

The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample uses `Protocol Buffers`_ to define platform-independent message formats.

> These definitions are available as `.proto` files in the sample code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These definitions are available as :file:``.proto`` files in the sample code.
```

> The sample also uses `nanopb`_ to convert encoded platform-independent messages to and from C.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The sample also uses `nanopb`_ to convert encoded platform-independent messages to and from C.
```

Reviewer: Adding some new lines to make these a bit easier to read.

> The device performs actions according to messages it exchanges with a configurator (the peer that sends the message, such as a smartphone running the nRF Wi-Fi Provisioner app).

Reviewer: Can we add a link to the Requirements header of the description page with "nRF Wi-Fi Provisioner app" as the anchor?

| Data Out        | Mandatory   | Notify      |             | Encryption  |
|                 |             |             |             | Required    |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | Mandatory   | Read, Write |             | Encryption  |
| - Client        |             |             |             | Required    |
| Characteristic  |             |             |             |             |
| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

The purpose of each characteristic is as follows:

* ``Information``: for client to get info message from server.
* ``Operation Control Point``: for client to send request message to server, and server to send response message to client.
* ``Data Out``: for server to send result message to the client.

Advertisement
-------------

After powerup, the device checks if it is provisioned. If it is, it loads saved credentials and tries to connect to the specified access point.

> After 30 seconds, the device advertises over Bluetooth LE. The operation times out if the attempt fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

After 30 seconds, the device advertises over Bluetooth LE. The operation times out if the attempt fails.

```

Author: In current implementation, the device will try to apply saved wifi credential. Then, it no longer waits for the connection result, and starts Bluetooth advertisement immediately. So I think we can shorten this part.

> After powerup, the device checks if it is provisioned. If it is, it loads saved credentials and tries to connect to the specified access point.

>After 30 seconds, the device advertises over Bluetooth LE. The operation times out if the attempt fails.

>If the device is not provisioned, it advertises immediately.

How about this:

> After powerup, the device checks if it is provisioned. If it is, it loads saved credentials and tries to connect to the specified access point.

> Then, the device advertises over Bluetooth LE.

+----------+----------+----------+----------+
|  Byte 1  |  Byte 2  |  Byte 3  |  Byte 4  |
+==========+==========+==========+==========+
| Version  | Flag(LSB)| Flag(MSB)|   RSSI   |
+----------+----------+----------+----------+

* Version: 8-bit unsigned integer. The value is the version of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample.

* Flag: 16-bit little endian field. Byte 2 (first byte on air) is LSB, and Byte 3 (second byte on air) is MSB.

  * Bit 0: provisioning status. 1 if device is provisioned, 0 otherwise.

  * Bit 1: connection status. 1 if Wi-Fi is connected, 0 otherwise.

  * Bit 2 - 15: RFU

* RSSI: 8-bit signed integer. The value is the signal strength. It is valid only if the Wi-Fi is connected.

The advertising interval depends on the provisioning status.
If the device is not provisioned, the interval is 100ms. If it is provisioned, the interval is 1 second.

Configuration management
========================

The configuration management component manages Wi-Fi configurations.
It ensures that the data in RAM and flash are in sync, and exposes APIs to add, read, or remove configurations in a multi-thread environment.

> The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service offloads all configuration management operations to the configuration management component, and only uses the APIs the component provides to change the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service offloads all configuration management operations to the configuration management component, and only uses the APIs the component provides to change the configuration.
```

   =================== ================================================ =============================
   GET_STATUS          Get the status of the device, such as
                       provisioning state, Wi-Fi connection state,
                       and more
   START_SCAN          Trigger an access point (AP) scan                ``scan_params`` is optional
   STOP_SCAN           Stop AP scan
   SET_CONFIG          Store Wi-Fi configuration and connect to an AP   ``config`` is required
   FORGET_CONFIG       Erase the configuration and disconnect
   =================== ================================================ =============================

* Response: Contains the command to which it is responding, the operation result, and any other data.

  The device sends any additional data associated with this command to the configurator in a ``Result`` message.

  The ``Response`` message contains one of following response codes:

  * ``SUCCESS``
  * ``INVALID_ARGUMENT``
  * ``INVALID_PROTO``: the message cannot be encoded or decoded.
  * ``INTERNAL_ERROR``

  If the command is ``GET_STATUS``, the response includes some or all of the following fields:

>   * ``state``: describes the Wi-Fi connection state according to values defined in ``common.proto``.

Reviewer: I think since we define this here and in other places, we don't need the later reference to the common.proto file that you commented on below.

  * ``provisioning_info``: includes Wi-Fi provisioning information stored in the device's non-volative memory (NVM).
  * ``connection_info``: includes Wi-Fi connection details.
  * ``scan_info``: includes the parameters used for the AP scan.

* Result: Carries asynchronous data about the operation status.

  * If the command is ``START_SCAN``, the result message sent to the configurator contains information about the AP.
    Each ``Result`` contains information related to one AP.
  * If the command is ``SET_CONFIG``, when the Wi-Fi status changes (for example, from disconnected to associated), the configurator receives a result message with the new status.
    Meanwhile, the Wi-Fi credentials are stored in the device's non-volatile memory.

> See all definitions in ``./common/proto``.

Author: Yes. This is a folder path, in which we put all .proto files.

Operations
----------

The message sequence is the same for all operations, with variations depending on the command:

1. The configurator sends an encoded ``Request`` message with a command to the device.
#. The device carries out the command.
#. The device sends a ``Response`` message to the configurator.
#. For some operations, the device also sends a ``Result`` message to the configurator with any additional data generated or reported.

See :ref:`wifi_provisioning_message_types` for more information on the commands and additional parameters.

Message delivery
================

Exchanging messages requires a secure transport method.
The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample uses Bluetooth® Low Energy (LE).
You can assign different security levels to components under one service to fine-tune access control.

> Service declaration

Author: @richabp Could you please have a look? Thanks.

> Service declaration

Author: The Bluetooth service in this sample is different to other ones. The service is unaware to the application-layer data, and its only task is to exchange byte stream. The protocol buffers will take care of data interpretation. So I think it should be find to keep this service part within the same page.

| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | Mandatory   | Notify      |             | Encryption  |
|                 |             |             |             | Required    |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | Mandatory   | Read, Write |             | Encryption  |
| - Client        |             |             |             | Required    |
| Characteristic  |             |             |             |             |
| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

The purpose of each characteristic is as follows:

* ``Information``: for client to get ``Info`` message from server.
* ``Operation Control Point``: for client to send ``Request`` message to server, and server to send ``Response`` message to client.

> * ``Data Out``: for server to send ``Result`` message to the client.

Author: We transmit protobuf encoded stream over these characteristics, so it is always byte stream from perspective of bluetooth layer.

.. _wifi_provisioning_details:

Implementation
##############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This page explains the implementation of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample.

Task and event handling
=======================

The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample uses `Protocol Buffers`_ to define platform-independent message formats.
These definitions are available as `.proto` files in the sample code.
The sample uses `nanopb`_ to convert encoded platform-independent message to C language data type, and vice versa.
By exchanging messages with configurator (the peer that sends the message, for example, your smartphone that runs nRF Wi-Fi Provisioner app), the device will perform corresponding actions.

> Message types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _wifi_provisioning_message_types:

Message types
```

-------------

Four types of message are defined. They are:

1. `Info`. It is to allow the configurator to know the capability of device before actual provisioning process happens.
   The configurator should read this message before send any other message.

>    Currently, there is only a field of `version`` inside.

Author: Yes. As we provides the smartphone app that works with the sample as well, and only particular app version and sample version can work together. So we have a `version` field to indicate the version of the sample.

* Request: Contains a command and configuration.
   The device takes action based on the command and applies the configuration if one is given.

   The following table details the five commands that the sample uses.

   =================== ================================================ =============================
   Command             Description                                      Notes
   =================== ================================================ =============================
   GET_STATUS          Get the status of the device, such as
                       provisioning state, Wi-Fi connection state,
                       and more

>    START_SCAN          Trigger an access point (AP)                     ``scan_params`` is optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   START_SCAN          Trigger an access point (AP) scan                    ``scan_params`` is optional
```

>    START_SCAN          to trigger AP scan                               scan parameter is optional

Author: No, the field that holds the scan parameter is called `scan_params`.

   STOP_SCAN           to stop AP scan

>    SET_CONFIG          to store Wi-Fi configuration and connect to      connection param is required

Author: No, it is `config`

   FORGET_CONFIG       Erase the configuration and disconnect
   =================== ================================================ =============================

* Response: Contains the command to which it is responding, the operation result, and any other data.

>    The data associated with this command will be sent to configurator after the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The device sends any additional data associated with this command to the configurator in a ``Result`` message.
```

>    The data associated with this command may be sent to configurator after the `Response` message.

Author: How about "will"? There may or may not be extra data to send. But if there is, it will be sent after the response.

   The ``Response`` message contains one of following response codes:

   * ``SUCCESS``
   * ``INVALID_ARGUMENT``
   * ``INVALID_PROTO``: the message cannot be encoded or decoded.
   * ``INTERNAL_ERROR``

>    If the command to respond is ``GET_STATUS``, The response includes some or all of the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the command is ``GET_STATUS``, the response includes some or all of the following fields:
```

>       * ``state``: describes the Wi-Fi connection state according to values defined in `common.proto`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * ``state``: describes the Wi-Fi connection state according to values defined in ``common.proto``.
```

   * If the command is `START_SCAN`, and the scan process is done, the information of AP will be sent to configurator using `Result` message.
     Each `Result` contains one AP information.
   * If the command of `SET_CONFIG`, and When the status of Wi-Fi changes (e.g., from disconnected to associated), the new status will be sent to configurator using `Result` message.

You may find the details of definition in .proto files under path of `./common/proto`.

> `GET_STATUS` procedure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operations
------------

This section explains operations and responses according to each command.
```

> ----------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* GET_STATUS: retrieves current device status. The response includes some or all of the following fields:
   * `state`: describes the Wi-Fi connection state according to values defined in `common.proto`.
   * `provisioning_info`: includes Wi-Fi provisioning information stored in the device's non-volative memory (NVM).
   * `connection_info`: includes Wi-Fi connection details.
   *  `scan_info`: includes the parameters used for the AP scan.
```

the backticks are rendering the text in italics when it should be monospace. I'm not sure why, but @richabp would have a better idea of formatting.

The idea here is a nested, unordered list.

* Command: description
  * additional parameter: description

>    * If the command is ``SET_CONFIG``, when the Wi-Fi status changes (for example, from disconnected to associated), the configurator receives a result message with the new status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If the command is ``SET_CONFIG``, when the Wi-Fi status changes (for example, from disconnected to associated), the configurator receives a result message with the new status. The Wi-Fi credentials are stored in the device's non-volative memory.
```

You may find the details of definition in .proto files under path of ``./common/proto``.

Operations
----------

> This section explains operations and corresponding mesasge sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains operations and corresponding message sequences.

See the ``Reponse`` message type under :ref:`wifi_provisioning_message_types` for more information on response codes.
```

Reviewer: Not sure about the spacing for line 81.

* Retrieve current status of the device:

>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``GET_STATUS`` command and sends encoded message to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. The configurator sends an encoded ``Request`` message with the ``GET_STATUS`` command to the device.
```

>    #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is ``GET_STATUS``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. The device decodes the message and finds the ``GET_STATUS`` command.
```

   #. The device retrieves current device status information.
   #. The device prepares ``Response`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.

> * Start scan and find out access point near the device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Start scan and find access points near the device:
```

> 1. The configurator prepares `Request` message with `GET_STATUS` command and sends encoded message to the device.
> #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is `GET_STATUS`.
> #. The device retrieves current device status information. Thre are four fields, and the device may fill part or all of them.
> 
>    * The `state` field describes the Wi-Fi connection state, whose possible value is defined in `common.proto`.
>    * The `provisioning_info` field described the Wi-Fi provisioning information stored in the device's non-volatile memory (NVM).
>    * The `connection_info` field describes the details of Wi-Fi connection.
>    * The `scan_info` field describes the parameter used for AP scan.
> 
> #. The device prepares `Response` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This has been reformatted and added to the comment above.

>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``START_SCAN`` command and sends encoded message to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. The configurator sends an encoded ``Request`` message with the ``START_SCAN`` command to the device.
```

>    #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is ``START_SCAN``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. The device decodes the message and finds the ``START_SCAN`` command.
```

>    #. The device sends scan request to Wi-Fi subsystem. If scan parameter is provided in the message, it is sent together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. The device sends a scan request to the Wi-Fi subsystem with the optional ``scan`` parameter.
```

>    #. The device prepares ``Response`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. The device sends an encoded ``Response`` message to the configurator.
```

>    #. When the scan is done, the device prepares ``Result`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. When the scan is done, the device sends an encoded ``Result`` message to the configurator.
```

* Stop scanning access point:

>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``STOP_SCAN`` command and sends encoded message to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. The configurator sends an encoded ``Request`` message with the ``STOP_SCAN`` command to the device.
```

   #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is ``STOP_SCAN``.
   #. The device sends stop scan request to Wi-Fi subsystem.
   #. The device prepares ``Response`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.

* Pass Wi-Fi credential and let the device apply it:

>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``SET_CONFIG`` command and sends encoded message to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. The configurator sends an encoded ``Request`` message with the ``SET_CONFIG`` command to the device.
```

> * Retrieve current status of the device:
> 
>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``GET_STATUS`` command and sends encoded message to the device.
>    #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is ``GET_STATUS``.
>    #. The device retrieves current device status information.
>    #. The device prepares ``Response`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.
> 
> * Start scan and find out access point near the device:
> 
>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``START_SCAN`` command and sends encoded message to the device.
>    #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is ``START_SCAN``.
>    #. The device sends scan request to Wi-Fi subsystem. If scan parameter is provided in the message, it is sent together.
>    #. The device prepares ``Response`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.
>    #. When the scan is done, the device prepares ``Result`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator.
> 
> * Stop scanning access point:
> 
>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``STOP_SCAN`` command and sends encoded message to the device.
>    #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is ``STOP_SCAN``.
>    #. The device sends stop scan request to Wi-Fi subsystem.
>    #. The device prepares ``Response`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.
> 
> * Pass Wi-Fi credential and let the device apply it:
> 
>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``SET_CONFIG`` command and sends encoded message to the device.
>    #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is ``SET_CONFIG``.
>    #. The device sends connection request to Wi-Fi subsystem. The connection parameter is sent as well.
>    #. The device prepares ``Response`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.
>    #. When the connection is done, the device prepares ``Result`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. The Wi-Fi credential will be saved in flash if connection is successful.
> 
> * Remove the Wi-Fi credential in the device and disconnect if it is connected currently:
> 
>    1. The configurator prepares ``Request`` message with ``FORGET_CONFIG`` command and sends encoded message to the device.
>    #. The device decoded the message and finds the opcode is ``FORGET_CONFIG``.
>    #. The device sends disconnection request to Wi-Fi subsystem, and removes saved Wi-Fi credential if any.
>    #. The device prepares ``Response`` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

As discussed in chat, the parameters for specific requests are defined above, so we can take this command-specific information out.

> #. The device prepares `Response` message and sends encoded message to the configurator. Depending on the result, one of the response codes defined above is chosen.

Reviewer: The rest of these would follow the model I provided above. If you put them in this format, I'll continue looking at the language in the next round.

Author: I realize that the procedure is something different to the command. For example, the procedure is to get the device status, and it should use GET_STATUS command, while proper message sequence and content. I will rephrase this part, using unordered list.

Message delivery
================

Exchanging messages requires a secure transport method.
The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample uses Bluetooth® Low Energy (LE).
You can assign different security levels to components under one service to fine-tune access control.

Service declaration
-------------------

> The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service is instantiated as a primary service.

Reviewer: Is the provisioning service a library? I feel like we're missing a reference.

Author: No, it is not a library.

> The service UUID shall be set to the UUID value as defined in the following table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the service UUID value as defined in the following table.
```

========================== ====================================
Service name               UUID
Wi-Fi Provisioning Service 14387800-130c-49e7-b877-2881c89cb258
========================== ====================================

Service characteristics
-----------------------

> The UUID value of characteristics are defined in the following table.

Author: The "service" and "characteristic" are defined by Bluetooth specs, to describe how entries of record form a hierarchical structure (a profile may have one or more services, and a service may have one or more characteristics). As this section is to describe bluetooth-related stuff, it should be safe to assume the read know what they refer to.

========================== ====================================

> Characteristic Name        UUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Characteristic name        UUID
```

| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | Mandatory   | Notify      |             | Encryption  |
|                 |             |             |             | Required    |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | Mandatory   | Read, Write |             | Encryption  |
| - Client        |             |             |             | Required    |
| Characteristic  |             |             |             |             |
| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

The purpose of each characteristic is as follows:

  * `Information`: for client to get `Info` message from server.
  * `Operation Control Point`: for client to send `Request` message to server, and server to send `Response` message to client.

>   * `Data Out`: for server to send `Result` message to the client.

Reviewer: response message types can be in lowercase and without other formatting: info, response, and so on.

Advertisement
-------------

After powerup, the device checks if it is provisioned. If it is, it loads saved credentials and tries to connect to the specified access point.
After 30 seconds, the device advertises over Bluetooth LE. The operation times out if the attempt fails.
If the device is not provisioned, it advertises immediately.

The advertising data contains several fields to facilitate provisioning.

> It contains the UUID of the sample and four bytes of service data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains the UUID of the sample and four bytes of service data, as describes in the following table.
```

> It contains the UUID of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service and four bytes of service data, as describes in the following table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains the UUID of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service and four bytes of service data, as described in the following table.
```

+----------+----------+-----------+----------+
|  Byte 1  |  Byte 2  |   Byte 3  |  Byte 4  |
+==========+==========+===========+==========+

> | Version  |Flag(LSB) |Flag(MSB)  |   RSSI   |

Reviewer: What are LSB and MSB?

> | Version  |Flag(LSB) |Flag(MSB)  |   RSSI   |

Author: LSB: least significant byte, MSB: most significant byte. (The reader should know what they stand for)

+----------+----------+-----------+----------+

* Version: 8-bit unsigned integer. The value is the version of Wi-Fi provisioning service.

* Flag: 16-bit little endian field. Byte 2 (first byte on air) is LSB, and Byte 3 (second byte on air) is MSB.

  - Bit 0: provisioning status. 1 if device is provisioned, 0 otherwise.

  - Bit 1: connection status. 1 if Wi-Fi is connected, 0 otherwise.

  - Bit 2 - 15: RFU

* RSSI: 8-bit signed integer. The value is the signal strength. It is valid only if the Wi-Fi is connected.

The advertising interval depends on the provisioning status.
If the device is not provisioned, the interval is 100ms. If it is provisioned, the interval is 1 second.

Configuration management
========================

The configuration management component manages Wi-Fi configurations.
It ensures that the data in RAM and flash are in sync, and exposes APIs to add, read, or remove configurations in a multi-thread environment.

> The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service will offload all configuration management works to configuration management component, and only use APIs the component provides to manipulate the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service offloads all configuration management operations to the configuration management component, and only uses the APIs the component provides to change the configuration.
```

> This component saves data in non-volatile memory, which is the internal flash in nRF5x device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component saves data in non-volatile memory, which is the internal flash for nRF5x devices.
```

> You can decide to save the configuration in both RAM and flash, or in RAM only during provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can save the configuration in both RAM and flash or only in RAM during provisioning.
```

.. _wifi_provisioning_details:

Implementation details
######################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

To better understand how the sample works, the implementation details is provided. User can modify and extend the functionality based on existing implementation.

Task and event handling
=======================

To exchange command and response, we need to define the format of message.
In this implementation, Protocol Buffers is used to achieve the goal.
It plays two roles. First, we define the format of message in language of Protocol Buffers, and the outcome is .proto files.
Second, Protocol Buffers provides an unified message encoding/decoding scheme.
So, it allows us to exchange platform-independent byte stream between device and configurator, on which different programming language can be used.

Message types
-------------

> 

Reviewer: If there are any message-specific fields like version, nest another list level and explain it there:
```
* Info: <description>
  * Info messages contain a `version` field.
 ```

> 

Author: It is true that we may face version compatibility issue if there are more than one version. Will consider it and find a solution upon official release.

> The message Info is to allow the configurator to know the capability of device before actual provisioning process happens.

Author: I will add some words to explain it.

The configurator should read this message before send any other message.
Currently, there is only a field of version inside.

The messages Request and Response are the main messages we use in provisioning process.
The Request message contains command and configuration.

> The device is supposed to take proper action based on the command.

Author: Configuration is mandatory, while some fields of it are optional.

=================== ================================================ =============================
Command             Task                                             Notes
=================== ================================================ =============================
GET_STATUS          to get the status of the device, like
                    provisioning state, Wi-Fi connection state, etc
START_SCAN          to trigger AP scan                               scan parameter is optional
STOP_SCAN           to stop AP scan
SET_CONFIG          to store Wi-Fi configuration and connect to      connection param is required
                    that AP
FORGET_CONFIG       to erase the configuration and disconnect
=================== ================================================ =============================

Based on the result, the Response message contains one of following response code.

=================== =================================================
Response code       Interpretation
=================== =================================================
SUCCESS             the operation is dispatched successfully
INVALID_ARGUMENT    the argument in Request is invalid

> INVALID_PROTO       the Protocol Buffers message cannot be encoded or

Reviewer: Capitalization and punctuation of table items

The provisioning_info field described the Wi-Fi provisioning information stored in the device's non-volatile memory (NVM).
If there is no stored data, this field shall be absent.
If the device meets an error when reading stored value, the status of response message is INTERNAL_ERROR, and the whole device_status shall be discarded by the configurator.

The connection_info field describes the details of Wi-Fi connection.
If the device meets an error when getting value, the status of response message is INTERNAL_ERROR, and the whole device_status shall be discarded by the configurator.

The scan_info field describes the parameter used for AP scan.
If the device meets an error when getting value, the status of response message is INTERNAL_ERROR, and the whole device_status shall be discarded by the configurator.

START_SCAN procedure
--------------------

When request with Op Code of START_SCAN is received, the device shall send a command of start scan to Wi-Fi subsystem, and depending on the result, a response message is sent to configurator.

If the scan_params in request message is present, it is used to control the scan.

> If the operation is successfully dispatched, the device shall send response message with status of STATUS_SUCCESS.

Reviewer: We only need one instance of these at the start of the operations section.

If the operation is successfully dispatched, the device shall send response message with status of STATUS_SUCCESS.
If invalid argument is provided, the status shall be STATUS_INVALID_ARGUMENT.
If internal error occurs, the status shall be STATUS_INTERNAL_ERROR.

If the operation is successful, the device shall send state update to configurator.
The message shall be in type of Result defined in result.proto and encoded.
The updated state of Wi-Fi should be in state field. If the state is CONNECTION_FAILED, the device may fill reason field, whose value depends on the failure reason.
If the state is CONNECTED, the device shall store the credentials in NVM.

FORGET_CONFIG procedure
-----------------------

When request with Op Code of FORGET_CONFIG is received, the device shall remove stored credentials from NVM, and depending on the result, a response message is sent to configurator.

If the operation is successful, the device shall send response message with status of STATUS_SUCCESS.
And the device shall disconnect from access point if its state is connected.
If internal error occurs, the status shall be STATUS_INTERNAL_ERROR.

> You may find the details of definition in .proto files under path of ./common/proto.

Reviewer: Rephrase and move to the beginning of the section, as now it looks like this only applies to FORGET_CONFIG.

See `./common/proto` files for more information on definitions.

Message delivery
================

> To exchange messaged mentioned above, some sort of transport method is required.

Reviewer: Exchanging messages requires a secure transport method. 
The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service sample uses Bluetooth (registered trademark symbol) Low Energy (LE).
You can assign different security levels to components under one service to fine-tune access control.

Besides, it should also provide a certain level of security.

> In our implementation, Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) is chosen.

Reviewer: I think you can take these out and replace the whole Bluetooth section with the paragraph I provided above.

It is widely deployed and available on most smartphones, which play the role of configurator.
Meanwhile, we leverage its capability of information confidentiality and integrity.
BLE itself has pairing function, and can provide different level of security.

> GATT allows us to assign different security level to different characteristic under the same service, making fine tune of access control possible.

Reviewer: What's GATT?

Author: It's the application-layer model used by BLE. Anyway, I will use the paragraph you give to replace them.

Service declaration
-------------------

> The Wi-Fi Provisioning Service is instantiated as a Primary Service.

Reviewer: What's a primary service?

It should probably be in lowercase letters.

Author: Primary service is a term defined by GATT.  Lowercase may be correct, after check Bluetooth specs.

> The service UUID shall be set to the UUID value as defined in tables below.

Reviewer: Set the service UUID to <value>.

I don't think it needs to be a table with only one item.

Author: This is to align with the table below, for aesthetic purposes :)

========================== ====================================
Service Name               UUID
Wi-Fi Provisioning Service 14387800-130c-49e7-b877-2881c89cb258
========================== ====================================

Service characteristics
-----------------------

> The UUID value of characteristics are defined in table below.

Reviewer: These seem like components rather than characteristics.

Author: It's the term defined by bluetooth specs.

========================== ====================================
Characteristic Name        UUID

> Information                14387801-130c-49e7-b877-2881c89cb258

Author: They are fixed.

Operation Control Point    14387802-130c-49e7-b877-2881c89cb258
Data Out                   14387803-130c-49e7-b877-2881c89cb258
========================== ====================================

> The characteristic requirements of the Wi-Fi Provisioning Service are shown in table below.

Reviewer: instead of 'in the table below', use 'in the following table'.

+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

> | Characteristic  | Requirement | Mandatory   | Optional    | Security    |

Reviewer: What does M mean? Can we use yes/no for requirements?

Security and Required _in table items_ do not need to be capitalized.

Reviewer: If there are no optional properties, just leave out the column.

I think we also don't need the Requirements table, really, because we said in the intro text that these are requirements.

Author: M stands for mandatory. This is how the bluetooth specs express. But you are right that the abbreviation is used without explanation. For optional properties column, I prefer to keep it, as tables are the same in every bluetooth service spec.

| Point           |             |             |             |             |
| - Client        |             |             |             |             |
| Characteristic  |             |             |             |             |
| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | M           | Notify      |             | Encryption  |
|                 |             |             |             | Required    |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
| Data Out        | M           | Read, Write |             | Encryption  |
| - Client        |             |             |             | Required    |
| Characteristic  |             |             |             |             |
| Configuration   |             |             |             |             |
| descriptor      |             |             |             |             |
+-----------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+

Information
-----------

> This characteristic is used to get Info message.

Reviewer: 'Service' in the sample name gets confusing. 

Fix capitalization at the start of a new sentence.

I don't think we need to specify it's a protocol buffer message because it's the only kind of message we've talked about.

when read, the Information characteristic gives an encoded Protocol Buffers message in type of Info defined in version.proto.
It is used by client to determine which version of Wi-Fi provisioning service is running on this server.

Operation Control Point
-----------------------

> This characteristic is used to send Request message and get Response message.

Reviewer: used to send a request and get a response.

The second sentence repeats the first in unnecessary detail.

Author: Reorganized this part.

The client shall send an encoded message in type of Request defined in request.proto, and the server shall send an encoded message in type of Response defined in response.proto.

Data Out
--------

> This characteristic is used to send notifications to the client in format of Result message.

Reviewer: used to send notifications to the client in a result message.

Advertisement
-------------

> After power up, the device will first check if it is provisioned or not.
> If so, it will load saved credentials and try to connect the AP specified in the credential.
> After 30 seconds (timeout will occur if the attempt fails), it will start BLE advertising.
> If it is not provisioned, it will advertise immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After powerup, the device checks if it is provisioned. If it is, it loads saved credentials and tries to connect to the specified access point.
After 30 seconds, the device advertises over Bluetooth LE. The operation times out if the attempt fails.
If the device is not provisioned, it advertises immediately.
```

> The advertising data contains several fields to facilitate possible provisioning attempt.
> It will contain the UUID of Wi-Fi provisioning service, and a 4-byte service data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advertising data contains several fields to facilitate provisioning.
It contains the UUID of the sample and four bytes of service data.
```

+----------+----------+-----------+----------+
|  Byte 1  |  Byte 2  |   Byte 3  |  Byte 4  |
+==========+==========+===========+==========+

> | Version  |         Flag         |   RSSI   |

Reviewer: Mark bytes 2 and 3 both as Flag in separate cells, instead of one. 

The text aligns to the left and the render makes it look like this is a mistake.

+----------+----------------------+----------+

> Version: 8-bit unsigned integer. The value is the version of Wi-Fi provisioning service.

Reviewer: Make this and the content below into an unordered (*) list.

Flag: 16-bit little endian field. Byte 2 (first byte on air) is LSB, and Byte 3 (second byte on air) is MSB.

- Bit 0: provisioning status. 1 if device is provisioned, 0 otherwise.

- Bit 1: connection status. 1 if Wi-Fi is connected, 0 otherwise.

- Bit 2 - 15: RFU

> RSSI: 8-bit signed integer. If Wi-Fi is connected, it is the signal strength. Otherwise, it is meaningless.

Reviewer: 'it is meaningless' doesn't sound right.

It is ignored?

> Depending on the provisioning status, the advertising interval differs.

Reviewer: The advertising interval depends on the provisioning status.

> If it is not provisioned, the interval is 100ms. If it is provisioned, the interval is 1 second.

Reviewer: If what isn't provisioned? the device?

Configuration management
========================

> Once the device receives Wi-Fi configuration, it should keep the data in proper location, and save or delete the record according to incoming command.

Reviewer: Do we need to talk about what the device does since it's not strictly related to the sample?

We say component here.

I would rewrite this as:
The configuration management component stores and deletes Wi-Fi configurations according to incoming commands. It ensures that the data in RAM and flash are in sync, and exposes APIs to add or remove configurations in a multi-thread environment.

Therefore, the configuration management component is to encapsulate these procedures and expose some APIs.
It provides two functions.
First, it manages the stored configuration, and make sure the data in RAM and data in flash are in sync.
Second, it provides API to add and remove configuration safely in a multi-thread environment.

When used in Wi-Fi provisioning task, the main thread will initialize it and try to get saved configuration.
It is applied if there is any.
Then, the handler may read, write, and remove configuration based on the command.
And when certain configuration makes Wi-Fi connection successful, the API that commit this configuration is called to mark it as valid.

> This component saves data in non-volatile memory (NVM), which is the internal flash in nRF5x chips.

Reviewer: We should have defined NVM far above so we can either use the abbrevation here, or keep the full phrase everywhere. I prefer just spelling it out as nonvolatile memory.

'related kconfig options are enabled': would be good to know which, and whether they are enabled by default or configurable. Good place for a link.

I think the bit about nRF5 devices (I wouldn't say chips, but am not sure) should be a note because it's not relevant to all users.

Use 'you' instead of 'the user'.

Take out 'when' from 'when during'

Author: The kconfig option is removed at this moment. So I will removed related sentences.

.. _wifi_provisioning_details:

> Implementation Details

Reviewer: I have some questions to ask in the group chat and will provide more detail there, but wanted to summarize the general feedback or recurring items here rather than commenting on every instance:

* Headings and titles should use sentence case (Task and event handling), rather than Title Case With Many Capital Letters.
* The name of the sample including Service is confusing, as services have a specific meaning in places like nRF Cloud.
* SDK RST files have one sentence per line with no trailing space.
* Shall + verb should be just the third-person present tense of the verb, for example, shall respond -> responds.
* Shall be -> is.
* Present tense rather than future tense, except for some specific constructions that include a conditional (if X, the device will Y)
* Watch for subject-verb agreement errors where a singular subject has a plural verb, or the other way around. Details is provided -> details are provided, though this example is problematic for other reasons (passive voice) :)
* Check the [Tech Docs style guide](https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/TECHDOC/Terms%2C+abbreviations%2C+and+spelling+rules) for acceptable abbreviations. Bluetooth (registered trademark symbol) Low Energy (LE) for the first occurrence on a page, then Bluetooth LE (not BLE) after.
* Use the expanded phrase before using the abbreviation. We use AP before we specify *access point* almost at the end of the page.
* Message types shouldn't have capitalized names (request, response, info)
* Don't use Latin abbreviations like etc. and e.g.: see the style guide linked above for replacements.
* Commands should be in `backticks` (or properly formatted according to RST), as well as field and parameter names.
* Despite my using it in this feedback, we don't use 'should' or 'supposed'. Assume it works: The device takes action according to the command.
* Capitalization in table items. I will provide specific examples tomorrow.
* Some missing a/the articles. I will comment with specific examples tomorrow, as these are harder to spot.
* The 'Procedures' would be more accurately 'Operations' and not be their own headings. I have a list-based suggestion for this that I'll comment (it's in Markdown, sorry) in the relevant place. This also summarizes common response messages so we don't repeat them under each operation.
* Passive voice ('is <verb>ed') rather than active ('<verb>s') in a lot of places where it's not clear what is doing the action.
* Some information that we can just leave out or condense. I'll provide more on this tomorrow and would be happy to answer anything in chat.

I have line-by-line feedback in a file that I will turn into comments tomorrow, but wanted to provide feedback on the changes that need to happen across the page.

Reviewer: I know this list looks overwhelming, but most of these are small changes that become second nature :)

######################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

To better understand how the sample works, the implementation details is provided. User can modify and extend the functionality
based on existing implementation.

Task and Event Handling
=======================

To exchange command and response, we need to define the format of message.
In this implementation, Protocol Buffers is used to achieve the goal.
It plays two roles. First, we define the format of message in language of
Protocol Buffers, and the outcome is .proto files. Second, Protocol Buffers
provides an unified message encoding/decoding scheme, so it allows us to
exchange platform-independent byte stream between device and configurator,
on which different programming language can be used.

> 

Reviewer: Insert "Message types" heading here

The message Info is to allow the configurator to know the capability of device
before actual provisioning process happens. The configurator should read
this message before send any other message. Currently, there is only a field
of version inside.

The messages Request and Response are the main messages we use in provisioning
process. The Request message contains command and configuration. The device is
supposed to take proper action based on the command. If configuration is
provided, the device should also apply. The Response message is used to reply
to the Request. It has the command it is responding, a field that indicates
the result of related operation, and other data if any. The Request-Response
pair is exchanged in asynchronous matter. It means that as long as the Request
is decoded and parsed, and corresponding task is dispatched, the Response message
is sent immediately based on the result. The data associated with this command
may be sent to configurator after the Response message. Currently, we defined
5 commands.

> 

Reviewer: Insert "Operations" heading here

Reviewer: My suggestion for this section is something like this. Unordered list with introductory text, summarize common responses that aren't particular to a command or operation, and cut out a lot of the text to really distill the most relevant info down to a list.

I'm much more familiar with Markdown, so I've written a mockup:

## Operations

This section explains operations and responses according to each command.

The following response statuses apply to all operations:

* `STATUS_SUCCESS`
* `STATUS_INVALID_ARGUMENT`
* `STATUS_INTERNAL_ERROR`

The following list details the operations by command and specific responses associated with each:

* `START_SCAN`: Request and receive information about access points (APs), each in a result message.
   * You can define aspects of the scan using `scan_params`. (need info on what the parameters are and how to pass them)
   * Access point information is recorded in `scan_record`. 
* `SET_CONFIG`: Receive a result message when the Wi-Fi connection status changes.
* `GET_STATUS`: Request and retrieve device status information. The device records this information in the following fields:
    * `state`: the Wi-Fi connection state.
    * `provisioning_info`: ... and so on
